feat(docs): add code of conduct (#39)
GoogleCloudPlatform/database-query-extension: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event. Representation of a project may be
further defined and clarified by project maintainers.

This Code of Conduct also applies outside the project spaces when the Project
Steward has a reasonable belief that an individual's behavior may have a
negative impact on the project or its community.

## Conflict Resolution

We do not believe that all conflict is bad; healthy debate and disagreement
often yield positive results. However, it is never okay to be disrespectful or
to engage in behavior that violates the project’s code of conduct.

If you see someone violating the code of conduct, you are encouraged to address
the behavior directly with those involved. Many issues can be resolved quickly
and easily, and this gives people more control over the outcome of their
dispute. If you are unable to resolve the matter for any reason, or if the
behavior is threatening or harassing, report it. We are dedicated to providing
an environment where participants feel welcome and safe.

> Reports should be directed to *googleapis-stewards@google.com*, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reports should be directed to *cloud-database-oss-stewards@google.com*, the
```

Author: Updated project stewards email.

> Project Steward(s) for *Google Cloud Client Libraries*. It is the Project Steward’s duty to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project Steward(s) for this demo. It is the Project Steward’s duty to
```

Author: Updated
